now an Israeli strike on a residential
building in Northern Gaza has killed at
least 15 Palestinians dozens of people
are also believed to be still buried
under the rubble of the four-story home
in B lahia most of the injured are women
and children rescue workers are still
trying to pull out
survivors well let's speak to TK abum he
joins us now from darl Bala in central
Gaza T talkers through these latest
strikes it seems that a number of them
took place overnight
yes that's right this strike in fact
nstasia has been carried out by the
Israeli Air Forces brione today where
they have targeted a residential
building in big Laha town in the far
north of the strip at least 15
Palestinians so far being killed while
dozens of injuries have been recorded
and transferred to the Baptist Hospital
to get medical treatment but the Grim
fact in the north of the strip is that b
Laha town has been widely targeted by
the Israeli Air Forces and even in
infantry units on the ground where they
have operated in before so there is a
kind of renewal of military attacks on
areas the Army has operated in
previously while we continue to hear
from from civil defense Crews that the
level of Destruction Left Behind the
attacks defies imagination we are
talking about Capital destruction in
civil infrastructure alongside with the
house that was targeted and even the
nearby houses that absolutely inflected
from that bombardment but also we've
heard from them that they managed to
rescue 13 Palestinians from a Dar
neighborhood after the house were was
targeted as they managed to recover
those 13 Palestinians who have been
lightly injured and now they are getting
essential medical treatment but the we
continue at the same time to observe a
clear surge of military strikes in the
far south of the Gaza Strip in kanun
city where a number of Palestinians have
been reported injured after huz town in
the Eastern area of kanun has been
attacked and it's worth remembering our
viewers that kanun city has been widely
instored by the Israeli Army and after
their departure and the uh the departure
from the from the city the families
started again to revisit these areas and
to live again in uh the destroyed
buildings and even all the remnants of
that of these shattered areas because
they have no empty spaces in order to
take it as a refuge we're talking about
thousands of families are still there
who are no longer even secured due to
the Israeli unrelenting scale of attacks
and destruction that continue till this
very moment caused by the Israeli Army
as well nasia Tara kazum they're
reporting for us from the ground from
the central part of the Gaza Strip thank
you
Tara make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler